the holiday season is in full swing
which can only mean one thing it's time
for some cookies I'm super excited today
to be participating in kin community's
cookie collaboration with dozens of
awesome youtubers like mind over munch
and my virgin kitchen choral TV
entertaining with Beth the gray boxwood
and so many more now every day until
Christmas we are going to be posting new
cookie recipes how cool is that and for
my part in the collaboration today I'm
going to show you cookies in a jar five
delicious ways what I love about cookies
in a jar is not only do they result in
really yummy cookies they also make an
incredible gift for the holidays the
full recipes for all of these cookies in
a jar are available in the description
box below so be sure to take a look it's
also really important when you're giving
these away as gifts to include all of
the instructions so that the recipient
knows how to bake the final cookie for
these tasty cookies in a jar we are
using one quart mason jars you can
certainly use larger mason jars but you
don't want to use anything smaller
because you won't have enough room for
all of your tasty ingredients so let's
get started with my chocolate candy cane
cookies in a jar so for these cookies we
are going to start with our flour to
that we are going to add some baking
powder and some baking soda I like to
pre whisk these together really really
well to make sure that the final cookie
has even lift through it then I'm going
to add some brown sugar and some white
sugar I'm using both kinds of sugar
because I think they make for prettier
layers in the jar to that I'm going to
add some crushed candy cane and finally
some chocolate chips this is going to
make such a minty chocolaty delicious
cookie whoever gets this gift is going
to absolutely love it
next we're going to make white chocolate
cranberry pistachio cookies in a jar so
it all starts with that same flour
mixture we're going to add our baking
powder on our baking soda whisk it
together really well and it goes into
the jar then we're going to add our
brown sugar or white sugar and top that
with some dried cranberries some white
chocolate chips and finally some crushed
pistachios now I love using pistachios
in this recipe because they're so
gorgeous and green
and of course the red cranberries and
the green pistachios looks so pretty in
the jar but if you can't find pistachios
you can go ahead and use pecans they
will be equally delicious we're gonna
put on our lid and there you go you have
these gorgeous seasonal cookies in a jar
next up we have our chocolate peanut
butter pretzel cookies in a jar so we're
starting with our same flour mixture
some baking powder and some baking soda
we're gonna whisk that together really
well and into the jar it goes we're
going to top that with some brown sugar
and some white sugar then to our jar we
are going to add some peanut butter
chips some chocolate chips and top that
with some crushed pretzels and oh my
gosh the final cookies are so salty
sweet and delicious they will absolutely
blow your mind
next up our cookies and cream cookies in
a jar yes I said double cookie because
we are actually using crushed up Oreos
in this recipe
however Aegeus is that it all starts off
with a very same flour mixture some
baking soda and baking powder to make
sure we have lots of lifts then we are
going to add our brown sugar and our
white sugar and a whole heaping helping
of crushed Oreos we're going to top that
with some white chocolate chips for good
measure and there you go
cookies and cream cookies in a jar that
are absolutely irresistible double
cookie double chocolate goodness finally
I want to show you these super sweet
classic gingerbread cookies in a jar so
for this recipe we're actually going to
use double flour so in our first bowl of
flour we're going to mix in our baking
powder and our baking soda the same way
we did with our other recipes and into
the jar that's going to go then we are
going to add all brown sugar and no
white sugar in this recipe finally to
our second batch of flour we are going
to add all of our classic gingerbread
spices so I've got some tasty ginger
cinnamon cloves allspice we're going to
whisk that into our flour really really
well to make sure it's all super well
incorporated and then into the jar it's
going to go what I really love about
cookies in a jar is that once they're
put together you can decorate them
however you like I like to adorn these
classic gingerbread cookies with of
course a classic gingerbread man
I hope you'll give these adorable gifts
a try and if you do be sure to tweet or
Instagram me a photo because you know I
love seeing your creations and of course
be sure to check out all of the other
delicious recipes in this ultimate
cookie collab playlist trust me your
taste buds will not regret it